### Greetings! What brings you to my nerdy little corner of the internet?

  If you are evaluating me for future employment, please take a look at the repositories linked below. They all feature extremely detailed and polished README documents, which I thoroughly enjoyed researching and writing. Both in my code and my documentation, you can expect me to write in a way that is well thought-out and easy to read. Furthermore, an extension of this passion for writing and communication is my propensity for careful and kind code reviews. In paired and group projects I always leave comments on my own code to help others understand what I've done, why I've done it, and how they might be able to help me improve it, as well as the code of my teammates, pointing out their good work, asking questions when there is something I don't understand, and gently suggesting improvements when that is called for. 
  
  I've always loved school and loved learning. I studied languages and literature because it was a good fit for my mind - attention to detail, pattern recognition, distilling complex concepts as simply as possible, and organizing ideas in a way that flows logically. I had been told for years that I would probably be good at programming but I had always found the field intimidating. I didn't realize that, for someone with a background in language and passion for punctuation and formatting, it would be terrifically challenging and downright fun! I finally got a taste of this when, after developing a curiosity about machine learning, I enrolled in an on-line course studying Python. I realized very quickly that writing code for my job would be fun and rewarding. Furthermore, I could see how my background and soft skills would make me a unique addition to any team of developers. 
  
  It feels like I've finally found a career that brings together all of my skills and interests, and where everyday is full of learning and problem solving, I am always challenged and never bored. I am looking forward to carving out a rewarding career as a software developer, bringing together my lifelong passion for language with my newfound love of writing clean, readable code and top-notch documentation.
